the use of clothes and hi good night thursday 18 june 19
hours my side here elisângela our internal
of pounds adilson is a very fast lightweight is
short but there is a lot of dust here
custom first here today’s operation song about prison the
queiroz I make it very clear I'm not a lawyer
queiroz and i am involved in this process but fast was not at large
he there was no jail date against him is
ie ii and there
what has been made a spectacular prison should already be in rio de janeiro should
be being assisted by the lawyer and the justice he follow what his way but
it seemed that I was arresting the bandit from the face of the earth that justice I say
I repeat, I was not on the run and I had no prison
against him in itu by the mind if it had prevented
lawyer i believe i believe his attendance any location he
I would have attended and because I was in that region of São Paulo
at the hospital he undergoes cancer treatment did not win the picture is from my door
closed and the case of keila
and the other important thing fake news is one more is the g1 since morning an operation
search and seizure at the home of an employee of my son deputy flávio
serious Bolsonaro making a mess of pressure in a house of mine event that I owe
the company said I already told myself every company almost cool thing is that this
house were in power like this on the 30th street, part of the house here with these people
can rent and I am almost 30 years old this house there in wind live
and then obviously hall spread this news for several hours until it was
admitted in the small footer of the newspaper linking me to the case what our there
at the press party in this car I’m sorry but it’s plastic right from the mainstream media it’s
disseminate news of meaning and also said that I went to warn you in the morning
intelligence system articulating to my particular sense that I have
spoken friends that I have all over Brazil that exchange information with the most
varied subjects especially those that matter is for our brazil or two
fake news is my home and see first
closed a person who takes care there clean comes out of stone from time to time observe
sleeping there was also not my home that suffered personal search there by the
river civil police and state prosecutors have nothing federal
and I do not answer for what I know nor does a son of mine answer any process in the
federal justice the before the federal police same thing
we are not yesterday the harvest plan 2020/2021
and any country in the world has a permanent objective of its security
food and in the country a lot that is missing you have to get around with the
when food is lacking it complicates the situation so all over the world all the countries of the world
world seeks in its food guarantee let's say so and Brazil
produces food for approximately one billion people so we are a
giant in important food exports to the world and the whole world
which is to diversify the countries that seek food like that was at the exit in the region
das and nothing the goal of relief region of japan
south korea and other countries as well that we type all countries want
business with us nor we are a power in the in the position reduces cowboys
agribusiness in particular and teresa cristina our minister is a giant
at that time an agreement the very good we filmed the past and obviously the
the economy is also interested in investing in agribusiness, ours is very big that
I have a return is practically guaranteed because the world doesn't let him
eat and the world grows approximately 60 million more per year
of inhabitants so there is always a growing search for food and remembering
fine reaching eight billion inhabitants eight billion then in the
space for more or 11 years ago I world has grown in
ratio of 1 million inhabitants in gives me the scary number hit and the
food industry, right, agriculture is laughter all over the world and in my next
where even the company's mail is all that is said and talked about the past is is
is as they say here is not democratic so i mentioned that ours our
agriculture grew and changes from 72 when it was created is ungrateful I said
already made a serious mistake I said that the president in 72 lt blue bottle messi
just like the time ago the father of the free zone of manaus was created the government
white castle and also ours our stuff that went from 12 miles to
200 miles if I am not mistaken the 70s in the government emílio garrastazu Médici
this is how they graduate from the military there is always criticism you have to speak the
things that were not very good that happened in that period that any
regime happens things you didn't take them now it looks like you have to hide
I don’t hide the good things, I speak naturally without history, nothing more
history the christ so congratulations is the government of
just i'm not mistaken my god i forgot the name of agriculture on the straight of the name came up
of him here later came the alison cole delhi but who had this idea is to create
embrapa and even more send young people from the countryside to study poultry farming
outside brazil they learned a lot they came back here and surpassed their masters and so much
is that Brazil comes year after year hitting its agricultural production straight and more
still said that the country man didn’t stay home and if he goes home you
saw the people of the city of all of us know, right
and if the city one day dies he and the countryside survive trying to survive
the opposite emerged now, you know, the countryside dies and leaves the city alive
for that one will also die then the man of the field and the woman also will not
stopped producing work the issue of the virus did not arrive with this
magnitude as it arrived in some big ones being from brazil again let's go to voice 5
since the beginning I was saying that we have to worry about life
so fighting the virus but we could not forget the issue of
economy and we know the problem that we now have in large urban centers
is that unemployment has grown there is knocking on the door and everyone the consequences
and it’s about jobs and what I’m just not bigger than yours our government did several
protection measures expressing small and micro entrepreneurs guaranteed
then part of the payment of these workers in that company to
and it was to continue to firmly get it right as well as other measures is also us
we find out here that we call invisible are those people who who
nobody knew it existed at the first moment we have 38 million information
and we found that this number of informing we call invisible is in the
home 50 million people a huge number we here every payment
emergency which varies from 600 r $ 600 r $ 1200 which
some categories are entitled to double
equivalent to Brazil spent right you like it has to be at the post it's not me
just not tasty about 50 billion reais a month so each
payment of emergency aid is R $ 50 billion that marks the achieved
it is worth remembering that one year of a family grant is in the 35 billion back home 13
Bolsa Família benefits are less than a single one-month benefit allowance
emergency was paid the first installment paid the second installment right and has
the third installment is still very much complaining about the calendar
and we wish that everything could be very agile, but we cannot
forget the number and person name 50 million people who have some other
millions of people who are undergoing analysis we are entitled another one does not and this
analysis is done practically manually so we are working on this
sense I see a lot of people criticize me the dark server within the staff of
savings bank he works from Monday to Saturday in search of these
which are fair right and we want to help these people who
they were no longer facing difficulties in informality and now 600 aid gives
to make a purchase of the month I know that the person will not eat very well
because you are going to buy with money money is short but it helps until you don’t
we will have social problems in brazil now we need da
everybody's collaboration so that if the third installment was paid
it is but there will be no problem ok we intend to have the fourth and fifth
also some installment I think it has to be R $ 600
debt is huge right yesterday we lowered the Selic rate we didn't
central bank, i only know after the copom meeting ends
the operation owing two point 15 percent
I never dreamed of in Brazil it has a Selic rate with this percentage is not good
back to with holders fixed at most 12 per cent the selic rate after
by amendment with are withdrew the sixth out and arrived without another government gives 50 60
percent ago you would have to imagine the size of the indebtedness of the
Brazil over the interest rate because it used to be at that time, you know, fighting
then inflation, the increase in the dollar simply by increasing the interest rate
accuse almost automatic there problem have a little time here I don't understand almost
nothing in the economy economy despite the problems the world faces in brazil
also goes very well on the direction of paulo guedes de roberto campos banco
central and is from pedro in the ruby's economy box
at the bank of brazil ok we do our best with regard to economy efficiency
says adjust everybody only and when inflation is created it is temptation to reach
special with the most humble proxy of those fourth fifth installment I see
people of parliament the justice said it doesn't have to be two more plots 600 everything
well but almost balance this way if we say here adjust our
duplicate everybody will pay a bill much faster that calls for
the governors and mayors, who are looking for an opening of the trade in
responsible rational way and everyone has responsibility but Brazil doesn’t
take it longer stay at home the country man didn’t stay at home our dear
ms the world health organization is always there, it doesn’t come and go
hi marcia protects us protects us is a quarantine so stay at home everyone is
good now we are going to analyze the thing getting the corner we are not going anymore
suggest guiding you to do research but then go back and then see the
question of the so-so but that they not infrequently transmit the virus for 24
hours later changed his mind completely is our ms leaving
leaving a lot to be desired in this area, it speaks so much, so much in the focus of science
team with all respect who have less talk about science is one knows two
next right nothing is not going to see all the time it looks like someone takes
decision something says suddenly someone who rules there that looks like it's
that right, look at videos that are not catching up come to us like this
done
I make it very clear once again the supreme federal court has ruled that
mayors and governors should conduct the policy to combat the virus
I with the president of the republic eat only what to send money to
states and municipalities is practically nothing more than that
I am sorry the amount of dead we are time in the conversion of the numbers leaves
many people in doubt still died of seeing put 2019 the competition is ours
the theme statements from hospital directors saying that forty percent
that went into there in the death in the cabbage 19 which things were not food
with mobile visa this is very sad because the numbers
often translated policies of governors and mayors and has to
note the tip is from the line arrives in are many mismatched information
we changed the way of counting hit this table nobody tried to make up numbers
with a wickedly big video television there already had lunch has a
here tidies up hiding nobody wants to answer not quite the opposite ok
wanting will show the real numbers for you to make a survey in such
state such a region is actually woke up uncontaminated has decreased the number
of eggs has been decreasing so the academy has already been there to focus
approximately 70 using people is hardly anyone going from that region
goes against the virus what people who have already achieved immunization I will not
transmit to another one ok this is the work of eduardo plazuelo over there
formula ministry is but the thing here some business remember
also that agribusiness this crop plan also has peace with the city
resource for black family farming with the lowest interest rate is that it has already
heard in that area of ​​2.75 a4 per center of family farming which was
the amount foreseen in the bag a that year and higher than last year the forecast
also that we beat a record of grain production in Brazil so it's
congratulations here all the people of the field and special here the lady tereza cristina
our culture's friendship of that state there is the billet three years mato grosso do
south a special hug for my dear is not for me from the front a
little did you know facebook 83 thousand people youtube
my people shots and the young pan 90 thousand people as it will end up a little bit
earlier near the I said that when we finish there in the young pan let's go
augusto nunes josé maria i always forget the thread i forgot the other side neither
nor I mateus that he's bringing so I don't have
thank you very much for the hug this was yesterday that we will not talk here
now is my provisional football life the flamengo team the board
of the Flemish always came in contact with us wanted to change something to
saving football managed small or less you know that a lot there is no way
survive different from the palm trees flamenco nickname of the guild and the inter
ok Vasco even tried so many others
difficult about well how to survive in a way even more extra income I have
other water programs or actions that I didn't have, so let's go yesterday
football provisional measure 984 2000mp
and what happens cold makes the treatment of clubs more flexible with football players
during academic contracts is already allowed and light and at least 90 days and the
carioca championship presenting that I know how to eat starts today, right, the bangu and
Flemish value for me did not say that you have to see the issue of command of
today, bangu and flemish, today she went on for at least 90 days and now she started to
sum is for at least 30 days then ends in in 30 days so simple to do
a 30-day contract if you have 90 you would not be able to pay the two months
salary that ended in the carioca championship the regional championships even in are
Paulo that the engine its championships the greatest resource also has difficulty
good so this is it will allow the clubs hired for up to 30 days to
players people love you saw the photograph of rio de janeiro you continue that is
who was selling bananas at the fair, so we’re going to allow people
make a contract he play football there this new contract rule is valid even
the thirty-first of December if you are good at eduardão, the one who
we call it a state of calamity after back it was worth a thousand ninety-nine contract
days if god wants everything went right is there is the staff has how to organize for the
lg championship there so here you will be present I put a brooch
there from the boat the wizard from flamengo felipe the author's name with a friend you know
that I am little right I am against this will say I need help for me
the board that seeks us to seek a solution to this case together with the
marcelo there who goes sports secretary
hi and say it is felipe grandson i'm in a hurry seeing here but if god wants to do the
example poster to see you raise the cup of palm trees twice world champion ok
come on an important thing in the provisional measure why I said bangu and
Flemish and not Flemish and Bangu is because it is not always p she said that
belongs to the home club the right to the arena whether today the chicken rules
Flemish image the bank of which television is the other social media
any that will transmit the Flemish game or on the track here the pizza is the
bangu right then this very important arena right that the tião conflict
between some clubs right about that and this conflict lets you give up then
client is going to say here which tv will broadcast that game
it is also their tribe induces by that provisional measure in peace equal to those
spectacle athletes five percent of the revenue from the exploration of the
audiovisual sports rights are a pay tv x5x neighborhood equally
for for football athletes against watching the game of brazil presence of
within recognizes the team is that it has financial difficulty and players is not
this there the public some think that just because they play football without a salary is
very good and in this game the Flemish is sure culture the bangu selling well
that image right of a good collection and five percent goes to the
athletes and shape he's like big rabbit next democracy
to see yesterday also to close I posted a story on facebook a lot
dear people what happens the attorney general of the union he issues
opinions and once there it seems to be published in the official union diary
has the force of law and stayed there at lingo, because it helps to reform the
federal police officers federal highway police officers
civilians and the criminal police regarding the quality and
personal integrality criticized me net that I forgot the military police leaves the
market that the military poly has this right I have not forgotten is that it has
right and another thing is not to forget ok is because the opinion of the lawyer already
neither can he legislate he interprets the law judged to be precedents etc etc
interprets everything and gives his opinion
I am the one who decides the attorney general of the union and the work started then
lawyer andrea mendonça and ended up as josé levy then signing them i sign
logically, the highway attorney also signed that the job was his
based on the legislation, so these people, right, the federal police
then federal highway civil police and canal police when retiring are going to have
to take the age for example already of the other servers so that he criticized
I forgot the military policeman and already have this one, but let's see, right
the same thing can only be I'm very thankful then thank the young pan here
am the young pan news 23 thousand has lights
90,000 youtube our 36,000 a system ball people will have more people to
we need to go there because the focus of brazil 12 thousand
ending here now go to those on one of these radios then I'll go back and
see the comments we will have next ok thank you very much to all augusto nunes
a hug thank you for the prestige zé maria júlia this is used vitor vitor
vitor everybody until next Thursday if god wants there
and there are three now